## 第三周

### 3.1 D004  [One S10 Camera -Galaxy S10 cam](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.camera.one.s10.camera&hl=zh-cn)

修改包名`ApkReplace -p com.camera.one.s10.camera com.openxu.camera`后安装运行某些功能不能使用

- **突破VIP**

  找到开通Vip的页面`PrimeActivity.class`，发现在打开此页面之前都有如下判断，如果没有开通才会打开。要突破VIP只需要在application中添加代码将`is_remove_ad`、`is_prime_month`这两个sp值值为true即可

  ```java
  // 是否开通会员判断 
  if (!PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferences(q3Var.getActivity()).getBoolean("is_remove_ad", false) && !PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferences(q3.this.getActivity()).getBoolean("is_prime_month", false)) {
    //没有开通会员的情况
  }
  
  // hook CameraApplication.smali.onCreate()
  .method public onCreate()V
      invoke-direct {p0}, Lcom/camera/function/main/ui/CameraApplication;->deleteVip()V
      return-void
  .end method
  
  .method private deleteVip()V
      .registers 4
      .prologue
      const/4 v2, 0x1
      invoke-static {p0}, Landroid/preference/PreferenceManager;->getDefaultSharedPreferences(Landroid/content/Context;)Landroid/content/SharedPreferences;
      move-result-object v0
      invoke-interface {v0}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences;->edit()Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;
      move-result-object v0
      const-string v1, "is_remove_ad"
      invoke-interface {v0, v1, v2}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;->putBoolean(Ljava/lang/String;Z)Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;
      move-result-object v0
      invoke-interface {v0}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;->apply()V
      invoke-static {p0}, Landroid/preference/PreferenceManager;->getDefaultSharedPreferences(Landroid/content/Context;)Landroid/content/SharedPreferences;
      move-result-object v0
      invoke-interface {v0}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences;->edit()Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;
      move-result-object v0
      const-string v1, "is_prime_month"
      invoke-interface {v0, v1, v2}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;->putBoolean(Ljava/lang/String;Z)Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;
      move-result-object v0
      invoke-interface {v0}, Landroid/content/SharedPreferences$Editor;->apply()V
      return-void
  .end method
  ```

- **去除支付库**

  搜索“com.android.vending”，删除biling

- **splash第一次启动需要同意隐私权限**

- **去除包名校验**

  修改包名`ApkReplace -p com.camera.one.s10.camera com.openxu.camera`后安装运行某些功能不能使用

  搜索    `QdTygBAfXlxTvoB5cLUprEo/lCol8+2Qyn0a2fxb3Q8=`原包名DES密文

  搜索  `.toString().equals`

  将6个方法返回值改为true

- **上包**

  > **制造崩溃**：smali/com/base/common/ShareActivity.smali
  >
  > ```
  > .method public onStart()V
  > invoke-super {p0}, Landroidx/appcompat/app/AppCompatActivity;->onStart()V
  > //去掉p0参数
  > invoke-super {}, Landroidx/appcompat/app/AppCompatActivity;->onStart()V
  > .end method
  > ```
  >
  
  - 添加注意事项
  
    https://mkg2yfdvwq.feishu.cn/docx/SIXydhkEyo0PGUxKZTOcAeMun0Q
  
  > 
  >
  > **改包名**
  >
  > cd base 
  >
  > ApkReplace -p com.camera.one.s10.camera com.beautify.camera
  >
  > com.openxu.camera
  >
  > Camera    com.beautify.camera
  >
  > 隐私：https://docs.google.com/document/d/13obQfeTk4tCH0vXgFY869Seasaafb1KQG3SF-wjmdHM/edit?usp=sharing
  >
  > **素材**：
  >
  > **简短描述**：A powerful beauty camera application
  >
  > **详细描述**：
  >
  > MeituCamera is a powerful camera software that can help you take cool photos and is compatible with Android 6.0+devices.
  >
  > The MeituCamera supports front and rear cameras, taking photos, capturing videos, short videos, and various professional camera functions, giving you a brand new camera experience.
  >
  > The MeituCamera also has the following beauty image functions:
  >
  > -Rich filter library
  >
  > -Support AR stickers to capture interesting photos
  >
  > -Skin tone beauty, large eyes, slimming and other functions
  >
  > -Use mask stickers to take interesting selfie
  >
  > -Custom Watermark
  >
  > -Edit photos, which can be cropped, rotated, and resized
  >
  > -Change contrast, saturation, hue, and brightness
  > ......
  >
  > More interesting features await your exploration, come and use the MeituCamera together
  >
  > 
  
  



### 3.2 D005[短信](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.smsmessenger&hl=zh-cn)



ApkReplace -p com.simplemobiletools.smsmessenger com.openxu.smsmessenger

ApkReplace -p com.openxu.smsmessenger com.smstool.smsmessenger

- **包名校验1**

  >  搜 "You are using a fake version of the app. For your own safety download the original one from www.simplemobiletools.com. Thanks"，这个弹窗的前提是调用下面两个方法返回false，将他们改为返回true

  ```
  v7 = x6.p.v(packageName, D0.toString(), true);
  r7 = x6.o.r(packageName, "com.simplemobiletools.", true);
  ```

- **包名校验2**

  > 搜"com.simplemobiletools.   替换成 我们的包名开头，在使用ApkReplace命令的时候已经同步修改完了

- **包名校验3**

  > 搜slootelibomelpmis，发现有一个反转对比，但也是调用x6.p.v()，在第1步已经返回true了

- **破解收费功能**

  > MainActivity->main_menu->R.id.settings->SettingsActivity->h0()方法->修改p4.p.U(this)返回true

- **替换素材**

- **上包**

  > **制造崩溃**：com/simplemobiletools/commons/activities/CustomizationActivity.smali
  >
  > ```
  > .method protected onResume()V
  >     .locals 8
  > 
  >     .line 1
  >     //invoke-super {p0}, Ll4/v;->onResume()V
  >     invoke-super {p0}, Ll4/v;->onResume()V
  > ```

  - 添加PIN

    https://mkg2yfdvwq.feishu.cn/docx/SIXydhkEyo0PGUxKZTOcAeMun0Q

  > 
  >
  > **改包名**
  >
  > cd base 
  >
  > ApkReplace -p com.smstool.smsmessenger com.mobile.smsmsgr
  >
  > Messenger    **com.mobile.smsmsgr**
  >
  > 隐私：原包   https://www.simplemobiletools.com/privacy/smsmessenger.txt
  >
  > > Privacy Policy
  > >
  > >
  > > This page is used to inform visitors about my policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
  > > If you choose to use my services, then you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve services. I will not use your information or share it with anyone, unless stated in this privacy policy.
  > > The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions, and can be accessed in the application unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy.
  > >
  > > Messenger is a free application. The Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how to collect, use, and disclose information obtained from users. By using a simple SMS messenger, you agree to process your personal information according to the instructions in this policy.
  > >
  > > Information being collected
  > >
  > > Messenger will not store any personally identifiable information on our server. Your phone number will be uploaded to the mobile operator so that they can process sending and receiving SMS and MMS.
  > >
  > > The 'READ_CONTACTS' permission is used to obtain contact names from phone numbers and also to display contact suggestions. It is optional and the application can work without it.
  > >
  > > If a user has inserted multiple SIM cards, they need the "READ_PHONE_STATE" permission to switch between them.
  > >
  > > Policy changes
  > >
  > > If the policy changes, the modification date below will be updated. Policies may change from time to time, so please be sure to review them regularly.
  > >
  > > Last modified on April 20, 2023.
  
  > **素材**：
  >
  > **简短描述**：Messenger is a streamlined and user-friendly SMS application
  >
  > **详细描述**：
  >
  > Messenger is a streamlined and user-friendly SMS application。You can use it to manage your contact list, stay in touch with friends anytime, anywhere, share photos, emoji packs, or simply say hello. You can quickly search for messages without having to scroll down and struggle to find them.
  >
  > The powerful settings feature allows you to specify special message tones for specific contacts, set time formats, and set link functions to avoid harassment.
  >
  > You can also customize the message lock screen to be visible to the master, which can only display the sender, message, or nothing.
  >
  > You can set theme colors to customize your own page style.

