

## 第四周



### D006 [画画 - 画画软件 & 画画app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.batter.me.drawing&hl=zh-cn)

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.batter.me.drawing com.openxu.drawing`

- **去除Google广告**

- **去除评价我们**

- **添加pin**

- **添加READ_PHONE_STATE权限**

- **修改素材**

- **建分支release**

- **替换firebase key**

- **改包名** ApkReplace -p com.painter.draw com.measy.painter.draw

- **陈全贵加sdk**

- **上包**

  > ```bash
  > ApkReplace -p com.qqzone.msss com.media.funplay
  > 
  > keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  > 
  > # rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --output=aab
  > # 加参数--config=config.json  这个json文件是控制aab导出apks的配置文件，bundletool 官方的
  > # 之所以so库不拆是因为 OPPO vivo one plus 这些手机 对aab兼容不行
  > # aab 默认打包生成的apks 会将so库拆成独立的 apk，但是 那些国产手机 不支持 或者不兼容 ，就会报找不到so，所以解决办法就是 so不拆包，将so放在master.apk 就不会报错
  > # --sign指定签名文件，每个包用独立的签名，避免账号关联
  > buildaab D006_pin.apk  --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=config.json --output=outabb
  > ```

> Draw With Me      **com.measy.painter.draw**
>
> **隐私协议**：原包 https://sites.google.com/view/drawing-privacy
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> ”Draw With Me" is a free product. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect and use this information when using our services, as well as the ways we provide you with access, update, control, and protection of this information. This Privacy Policy is related to the ”Draw With Me" you use The service is closely related, and we hope you can read it carefully. If necessary, follow the guidelines of this Privacy Policy and make the appropriate choices you think. We will try to express the relevant technical vocabulary in a concise and concise manner, and provide further explanatory links for your understanding.
>
> By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection and use of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
>
> Cookies
>
> Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
>
> You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
>
> security
>
> I value your trust in providing us with personal information, so we are working hard to protect it in a commercially acceptable way. But please remember that any method of transmission through the internet or electronic storage is not 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
>
> Link to other websites
>
> This service may include links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to the website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. I have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party website or service, and I do not assume any responsibility.
>
> Children's privacy
>
> ”Draw With Me" Not for anyone under the age of 13. We encourage and recommend parents and guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services and read this privacy policy. We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information of children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 provides me with personal information, I will immediately delete it from our server. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has We have provided personal information, please contact me so that I can take necessary action.
>
> Changes to this Privacy Policy
>
> I may update our privacy policy from time to time. If there are any changes, I will publish a new privacy policy on this page to notify you. These changes will take effect immediately after being published on this page.

> **简短描述**："Draw With Me" is a leisure and entertainment painting application
>
> **详细描述**：
>
> "Draw With Me" is a leisure and entertainment painting application that can be used for entertainment when you are bored.
>
> There are four main painting modes:
>
> Conventional painting: There are various brushes inside, which can unleash your imagination and create your own art works on the graffiti board.
>
> Dynamic painting: There are many colorful dynamic shapes to choose from, making your fingers the seeders of stars in the night sky.
>
> Drawing teaching: If you have no knowledge of painting and don't know where to start, you can cultivate a great artist here.
>
> Coloring: Draw sketches in the colors you imagine, with countless coloring effects on the same painting, fully stimulating your imagination!








## D007 D003马甲包

D003 [Coloring](https://apkcombo.com/zh/coloring-book-color-by-number/com.iceors.colorbook.release/)

ApkReplace -p com.colorings.book   com.colorings.book

- **改素材**

- **接入pin**

- **firebase key**

- **改包名**

  ApkReplace -p com.colorings.book com.dav.color.painting

- **陈洪鹏+sdk**

- **上包**

  ```bash
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  buildaab D007_2.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=../config/config.json --output=outabb
  ```
  
  > Color Painting         com.dav.color.painting
  >
  > **隐私协议**：原包http://www2.candy-mobile.com/policy.htm
  >
  > Privacy Policy  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xLCXupgBF05DSVHHrXaT3rlEzhI7sATINIXJ2Z0Rvnc/edit?usp=sharing
  >
  > Color Painting knows that you are concerned about how to use and share your personal information, and we will take your privacy seriously. Before using the services or applications provided by Color Painting, please carefully read the following statement.
  > In order to provide more accurate and targeted services, Color Painting may use the personal information you submitted through the following methods:; Nevertheless, we will still handle such information with great caution. Without your permission, we will not disclose or provide such information to any third party.
  >
  > Protecting Your Privacy
  >
  > When you voluntarily choose to use our services, applications, or provide us with your personal information, we may collect your personal information. Our principle is to respect the privacy of users' personal information. We will take reasonable measures to protect the user's personal information and will not disclose such information to any third party other than our partners (without the user's consent), unless required by law, court orders, government regulatory agencies, or the user agrees to disclose such information. If the user chooses to accept such disclosure during the registration process, or if there are other regulations between the user and Color Painting regarding the disclosure or use of personal information, exceptions will apply. Users should bear any risks that may arise from authorizing the disclosure of their personal information. In order to operate and improve the technology and services that assist touch teams, touch assistants may collect and use non personal information of their users, or provide this information to third parties to provide a better user experience and improve the quality of our services. Accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy.
  >
  > The information we collect and use:
  >
  > Our main goal in collecting and using information is to provide and improve services, manage and assist you in managing your service account, and provide you with a better service experience. We store and process information in the United States.
  >
  > Personal and non personal information
  >
  > Color Painting may collect your personal and non personal information while using the service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies individuals, including but not limited to personal name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address, and home address. This privacy policy does not limit or restrict our collection of aggregated or anonymous information. In this privacy policy, we will refer to all information collected from or about you, including personal and non personal information, as' your information '
  >
  > Application usage
  >
  > When you launch our application, we will collect information about your device type, operating system and version, carrier provider, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Device Mobility ID (IMEI), device location, language settings, and unique device ID. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your usage of our services. This unique user ID is stored together with your account profile information, allowing us to move your information to a new device based on your request. In addition, it can also be used to link your characters playing our game to your username on the forum. When you play our game, we also collect information about your game and interactions with other users and services.
  
  > **简短描述**：Color Painting is a free digital coloring and decompression game
  >
  > **详细描述**：Color Painting is a digital coloring painting application with a large number of free art albums built-in. You can create your own art works, relax and enjoy coloring! This is the best way to relieve stress.
  >
  > If you are not familiar with painting, don't worry. Each image has gray area markings indicating the area to be drawn, and each area has a number and corresponding number of pigments for you to use. Simply apply the color to the corresponding area based on the number. If you still find it difficult, don't be afraid. Color Painting provides free and unlimited tips to make painting impossible!
  >
  > The built-in album is selected from the most famous paintings in the world, including The Last Supper, Starry Night, Mona Lisa and other works. Let's follow Color Painting and bring these famous paintings to life.







封号：

Hi Developers at llineasmikeatujeas28282,
After a recent review, Color Painting (com.dav.color.painting) has been removed from Google Play.
Publishing Status	
Publishing status: Suspended
Your app has been suspended and removed due to a policy violation.
Reasons of violation	
Eligibility Issue by versions
Version(s)	Eligibility Issue
App Bundle:14	MALWARE
Your app is not compliant with the Malware policy. We don't allow apps with any code that could put a user, a user’s data, or a device at risk.
Next steps: Publish a new compliant version of your app
1.	Review the Issues and any policy page(s) shown above.
2.	Make appropriate changes to your app, and be sure to address the issues identified above. In addition to your Production release, if you have other release types that you use for testing and/or quality assurance checks (e.g. Internal test, Closed, Open), please make sure to update those tracks as well.
3.	Check that your app is compliant with all other Developer Program Policies.
4.	Sign in to your Play Console and submit the policy compliant app using a new package name and a new app name.
Additional suspensions of any nature may result in the termination of your developer account, and investigation and possible termination of related Google accounts. If your account is terminated, payments will cease and Google may recover the proceeds of any past sales and/or the cost of any associated fees (such as chargebacks and transaction fees) from you.





## D008 触摸助手

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.team.assistivetouch.easytouch&hl=zh-cn

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.team.assistivetouch.easytouch com.openxu.easytouch`

  Assistive Touch   ->   Touch Assistant

- **去除Google广告**

- **去除评价我们**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- **替换firebase key**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.openxu.easytouch com.followos.touchassistant
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  ```

- **上包**

> Touch Assistant     com.followos.touchassistant
>
> **隐私协议**：原包 https://sites.google.com/view/assistivetouch/privacy-policy



> Privacy Policy
>
> Before using the services or applications provided by Touch Assistant, please carefully read the following statement.
>In order to provide more accurate and targeted services, Touch Assistant may use the personal information you submit in the following ways; Nevertheless, Touch Assistant will still handle such information with a high degree of diligence. Without your permission, Touch Assistant will not disclose or provide such information to any third party.
> 
>**Protecting Your Privacy**
> 
> When you voluntarily choose to use our services, applications, or provide us with your personal information, Touch Assistant may collect your personal information. The principle of Touch Assistant is to respect the privacy of users' personal information. Touch Assistant will take reasonable measures to protect the user's personal information and will not disclose such information to any third party other than its partners (without the user's consent), unless required by law, court order, government regulatory authority, or the user agrees to disclose such information. If the user chooses to accept such disclosure during the registration process, or if there are other regulations regarding the disclosure or use of personal information between the user and Touch Assistant, exceptions will apply. Users should bear any risks that may arise from authorized disclosure of their personal information. In order to operate and improve the technology and services of the auxiliary touch team, Touch Assistant may collect and use non personal information of its users, or provide this information to third parties to provide a better user experience and improve the quality of our services.
>
> **Permission**
>
> This app uses the Device Administrator permission.
>
> -Permission android.permission.CAMERA Turn on the flashlight instead of taking a photo.
>-Permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE only monitors the status of the phone to ensure that the application works properly.
> -Permissions android.permission.BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN is only used to lock the screen function. The application will not use permissions for any other purpose.
>-We have never publicly disclosed any personal or sensitive user data related to financial or payment activities, or any government ID card numbers, photos and contacts.

> **简短描述**：Touch Assistant is a free and powerful Android touch tool.
>
> **详细描述**：Touch Assistant is a free and powerful Android touch tool application. It's fast, smooth, and completely free.
> You can easily use your Android smartphone through the floating panel on the screen. More conveniently, you can quickly access all your favorite applications, games, settings, and switch quickly. Touch Assistant is also an ideal application for protecting physical buttons (home and volume buttons), which is very useful for large screen smartphones.
> 
>Touch Assistant can implement virtual homepage keys, virtual volume keys, favorite applications, capture screenshots, screen recording, power pop-up window, return key, open notifications, wireless internet access, Bluetooth, location, ring mode, screen rotation, volume up and down, fly mode, flashlight, and all applications on the device.
> 
> Touch Assistant can also record screens without requiring root privileges, without watermarks, and can start and stop recording with just one action. It can be recorded as high-definition and full high-definition videos, and audio can also be recorded from the microphone. It will automatically blend into the screenshot video, making it very convenient to create tutorials, promote videos, comment on your games and gameplay, or record video chats.
> 
> Touch Assistant allows you to set your favorite background color and customize many beautiful icons.
> 
>Touch Assistant requires the use of device administrator privileges and accessibility services.
> 
>READ_PHONE_STATE only listens to phone status, making the application work normally.
> 
> BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN is only used for screen lock function, and the app will not use this permission for any other purpose.
> 
> Touch Assistant does not collect any data and will not publicly disclose any personal or sensitive user data.



```bash
# 1
apktool d app-release.apk -o base

# 2
rm -rf /base/build/ && rm -rf z*.apk && apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks ../0keystore/test --ks-pass pass:a123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk && adb install z_align_sign.apk

ApkReplace -p com.qqzone.msss com.media.funplay

# 3
rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --output=aab

buildaab --get-device

buildaab --export-apks --input=aab/base_signed.aab --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --device=device.json --output=app.apks

buildaab --install-apks=app.apks

# 4
ApkReplace -p com.qqzone.msss com.media.funplay

keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural

# rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --output=aab
# 加参数--config=config.json  这个json文件是控制aab导出apks的配置文件，bundletool 官方的
# 之所以so库不拆是因为 OPPO vivo one plus 这些手机 对aab兼容不行
# aab 默认打包生成的apks 会将so库拆成独立的 apk，但是 那些国产手机 不支持 或者不兼容 ，就会报找不到so，所以解决办法就是 so不拆包，将so放在master.apk 就不会报错
# --sign指定签名文件，每个包用独立的签名，避免账号关联
buildaab D006_pin.apk  --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=config.json --output=outabb

buildaab --export-apks --input=outabb/base_signed.aab --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --device=device.json --output=app.apks
```





## 4月报

第一周：阅读相关资料及文档，搭建开发环境，学习工具的使用，深入学习smali语法，破解第一个包X001

第二周：破解2个中级包，上架1个包。（从Google Play筛选包，破解D002(短信)、D003(填色)，并修改素材；熟悉Google Play上架流程，尝试上架D003）

第三周：破解2个高级包，上架2个包。（破解带包名校验的D004(相机)和D005(短信)。上架D002，D004）

第四周：破解2个中级包， 上架4个包。（破解D006(画画)、D008(触摸助手)，熟悉马甲包上架、替换firebase kay、添加sdk的打包流程，上架D005，D006，D007，D008）

截止4月28日，总共上架7个包，3个包封号（D002、D003、D005），4个包审核中（D004、D006、D007、D008）



本月破包和上包任务基本完成，积累了一定的找包和解包经验（广告、vip、包名校验等），熟悉了上包的相关流程及注意事项，能熟练的进行GP上架。

前期在破包的过程中容易钻进死胡同，进行了大量的代码改动，一个包2天都没有解完，主要是没有找到正确的方法，在队友的提示和帮助下很快就完成了。在破包之前要进行充分的代码分析，找准hook点，这样才能快速并顺利的解包。

个人总结搞包步骤如下（步骤比较多，要更细致，避免返工）：

1.确定搞什么包

2.去Google play筛选包（包类型、大小、更新日期、复杂度预估）

3.运行并浏览功能，分析包复杂度。

4.apktool解包修改测试包名，打包运行（检查是否有包名校验或者签名校验）

5.git初始化，做好版本控制

6.去除各种校验，直到功能正常运行

7.去广告（包括sdk）、vip

8.删除包的特有属性（账号、联系我们、点赞反馈、应用内推广等）

9.邮箱、隐私政策、官网链接随便修改一下，做好记录（方便以后替换成自己的）

10.修改应用名、版本号

11.添加pin sdk，并验证是否成功

12.新建DxxxRelease分支

13.修改素材

14.替换firebase key

15.使用对应版本模拟器测试功能

16.修改正式包名，添加相关权限，是否需要加sdk

​     16.1 需要：将带.git的源码发给相关组员，收apk后，打aab包上架

​     16.2 不需要：制造崩溃，打aab包上架

17.修改相关记录文档（GP信息管理系统、上包对比）



常规破解包，完成上包任务

尝试突破签名校验

















