## D012 Student Calendar - Timetable

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.claudivan.agendadoestudanteplus&hl=zh-cn

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.claudivan.agendadoestudanteplus com.openxu.studantc`

- **去除广告**

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加Facebook sdk**

- **修改素材**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.openxu.studantc com.lau.studycalendar.plus
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk && adb install z_align_sign.apk
  
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  
  ```
  
- **上包**

> Study Calendar     com.lau.studycalendar.plus
>
> **隐私协议**：原包 https://apps-cc-mobile.web.app/StudentCalendar/PrivacyPolicy/
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> Welcome to Study Calendar. This privacy policy explains how Study Calendar processes data and the application is available through the Google Play Store. If you choose to use our services, it means that you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The information we collect is used to provide and improve services. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, we will not use your information or share it with anyone.
>
> In order to provide a better user experience, we may request that you provide us with certain information, including but not limited to phone status, when using our services. The information we request will be retained by us and used in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
>
> Storage of data
>
> Study Calendar does not require an internet connection to achieve its main goals. The data directly entered by the user is only stored on the device.
>
> Collected data
>
> We have connected to the Facebook SDK for easy analysis of application usage. We may collect non personal information such as usage frequency, IP address, performance, execution status, device brand and model, etc. Our main goal in collecting and using information is to provide and improve services.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
>
> We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time to adapt to new features or changes. When there are significant changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you through the application.
>
> 

> **简短描述**：A calendar tool for managing event lists such as exams, assignments, etc.
>
> **详细描述**：Study Calendar can help students manage learning related events such as exams, classes, etc., and set up calendar reminders. The purpose is to execute tasks within the merged deadline, better allocate time between academic and personal life, and conduct daily work more calmly and effortlessly, thereby improving academic performance.
>
> On Study Calendar, no matter where you are, you can always view important information about exams, assignments, appointments, and schedules on your smartphone for review and new schedules. There are also reminders (with alerts and notifications), which will help you not forget important events.
>
> Study Calendar lists activities as to-do items or checklists, where you should mark them as completed so that they are no longer highlighted. In addition, it is grouped by past and future events, and can view when certain activities are late.
>
> These functions are sufficient to meet the needs of schools, universities, and your daily work.





## D013 intervaltimer

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mdev.intervaltimer

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.mdev.intervaltimer com.opx.timer`

- **去除billing**

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- 改包名

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.opx.timer com.vec.workout.timer
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk && adb install z_align_sign.apk
  
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  
  buildaab D013_pin.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=../config/config.json --output=outabb
  ```

- **上包**

> Workout Timer     com.vec.workout.timer
>
> **隐私协议**：原包 https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSHPaS8phTd13LphQV2wgBDWcxhE2onJB4xoafFcT_WCiGCCeQr0Tae1-C4kx6d6aInbxx2ONcdjsIh/pub
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> This privacy policy explains how Workout Timer uses permissions and handles data. If you choose to use our services, it means that you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The information we collect is used to provide and improve services, and we will not use your information or share it with anyone.
>
> In order to provide a better user experience, we may request that you provide us with certain information, including but not limited to phone status, when using our services. The information we request will be retained by us and used in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
>
> Storage of data
>
> The Workout Timer does not require an internet connection to achieve its main functions, and the data directly entered by users is only stored on the device.
>
> Collected data
>
> The third-party Facebook SDK we use is used to analyze the usage of the application. We may collect non personal information such as usage frequency, performance, execution status, device brand and model, etc. Our main goal in collecting and using information is to provide and improve services.
>
> Use of permissions
>
> The 'Call Pause Timer' function requires permission to read phone status on Android 12. If you want to use this feature, you can grant the "READ_PHONE_STATE" permission in the application's settings.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
>
> We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time to adapt to new features or changes. We will notify you through the application when there are significant changes to this privacy policy.
>
> 

> **简短描述**：A simple and universal timer application.
>
> **详细描述**：
>
> The Workout Timer is a very simple and practical timer that is not only suitable for fitness, but also for other training purposes. As long as you have the need for timing, you can use it to achieve it.
>
> You can quickly configure simple mode or customize advanced mode, and save the preset timer for easy reuse next time. Text can be converted to voice, with audio and vibration prompts at the end of each group, which does not conflict with the music player. The music volume will automatically decrease when the timer plays the sound. It can also be used during screen lock and controls the timer in the notification bar. When you make an incoming call, it will automatically pause, but it should be noted that the "Call Pause Timer" function requires permission to read the phone's status on Android 12. If you want to use this function, you can grant this permission in the app's settings. You can also set multiple theme colors.
>
> All data is saved locally and does not require registration or networking to access the main functions.
>
> 





























