

**去除ads、auth、applovin、billing**、 

com.android.vending.derived.apk.id

com.android.vending

```
        <meta-data android:name="com.android.dynamic.apk.fused.modules" android:value="base"/>
        <meta-data android:name="com.android.stamp.source" android:value="https://play.google.com/store"/>
        <meta-data android:name="com.android.stamp.type" android:value="STAMP_TYPE_STANDALONE_APK"/>
        <meta-data android:name="com.android.vending.splits" android:value="@xml/splits0"/>
        <meta-data android:name="com.android.vending.derived.apk.id" android:value="2"/>
```



## D016 Text Message Creator

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.neurondigital.FakeTextMessage

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.neurondigital.FakeTextMessage com.neurondigital.FTextMessage`

- **去除ads、auth、billing**、  com.android.vending.derived.apk.id

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- **Facebook sdk**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.neurondigital.FTextMessage com.gen.tool.textmessage
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk
  
  buildaab D016.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab_sdk
  ```

- 上包

> Message Generator     com.gen.tool.textmessage
>
> **隐私协议**：原包https://exercisetimer.net/privacypolicy
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> This privacy policy is designed to better serve those who are concerned about how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is used online. Please carefully read our privacy policy to have a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise process your personally identifiable information.
>
> Words and phrases
>
> In this document, we may use certain words or phrases, and you must understand their meanings. The following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases in this document:
> -"Application" refers to the Message Generator mobile application we provide to you through Google Play;
> -'Privacy Policy' refers to this Privacy Policy;
> -'Services' refers to the services we provide, including our applications, and introduce you to third parties who provide the services;
> -"User" refers to the user of this application;
> -You "refers to you, the person subject to this privacy policy.
>
> What personal information do we collect?
>
> -We collect information through server log files and can also deploy tracking technology in applications. We do this to analyze trends, track user movements around the application, collect demographic information, and collect information that we may find insightful or helpful. The types of information collected can include (but are not limited to) unique device identifiers (such as Google Advertiser ID or IDFA) used for advertising, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, MAC addresses, device types, browser types, operating system types, browser types, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), date/timestamp used by applications, reference/exit pages, and click pages.
> -Information about how you use our application (such as when, how often, and last time you used it).
>
> How do we use your information?
> In order to provide the content and product types that interest you the most. We will use your personal information to further develop and comprehensively improve the application; Identify or verify your access and usage of the application.
>
> Do we use 'cookies'?
> Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. Cookies "are small pieces of information sent by a website to your computer's hard drive when you browse the website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personalized and interactive experience on our website. Collecting such information is to make the website more useful to you and customize the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
>
> Third party disclosure
> Unless we notify users in advance, we will not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to external parties. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing services to our users, as long as these parties agree to keep this information confidential. We can also publish information at appropriate times to comply with laws, enforce our website policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or security. However, non personal visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other purposes.
>
>
> Online privacy protection for children
> We do not specifically target marketing for children under the age of 13. Therefore, we do not intend to collect personal information from anyone we know under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from children under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete this information as soon as possible.
>
> security
> We have taken certain measures to enhance the security of our website, applications, and services. However, we make no representations regarding the security or privacy of your information. Protecting the security of our website and applications is in our interest, but we recommend that you use antivirus software, firewalls, and other preventive measures to protect yourself from security threats.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
>
> We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time to adapt to new functional changes. We will notify you through the application when there are significant changes to this privacy policy.

> **简短描述**：Message Generator is a chat session creation tool.
>
> **详细描述**：
>
> Message Generator is a chat conversation creation tool that allows you to create chat stories and conversations with anyone. By selecting multiple themes, you can make your SMS conversation look super realistic.
>
> With Message Generator, you can create interesting SMS conversations and share them with your friends through screenshots. Use your creativity to generate the most interesting chat conversations to ensure that everyone can laugh.
>
> You can export chat stories as videos, explore new perspectives to narrate your story, and watch conversations to turn them into reality. Want to take your friendly pranks to a new level? Message Generator allows you to attach images to SMS messages (MMS). This applies to both sent and received messages.
>
> Want to play a friendly April Fool's Day prank? Create the final prank fake conversation using the Message Generator. Show your real SMS chat content to your family or friends and make them laugh.
>
> Message Generator allows you to display chat conversations with different themes to make them more realistic. Simply swipe right or left to switch topics, and the text message creator will save your same conversation.



## D017 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.omelan.cofi&hl=en&gl=US

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.omelan.cofi com.opxx.cofi`

- **去除相关内容**

- **Facebook sdk**

- **修改素材**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.opxx.cofi com.cleve.coffee.timer
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  
  buildaab D017.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab_sdk
  ```

- 上包

> Coffee Timer     com.cleve.coffee.timer
>
> **隐私协议**：原包https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSHPaS8phTd13LphQV2wgBDWcxhE2onJB4xoafFcT_WCiGCCeQr0Tae1-C4kx6d6aInbxx2ONcdjsIh/pub
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information applicable to our services, as well as your choices regarding information collection and use. If someone decides to use my services, then you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve services. I will not use your information or share it with anyone, unless stated in this privacy policy.
>
> The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions, unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
>
> Information collection and use
>
> In order to have a better experience, I may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information when using our services. The information I request will be retained on your device and I will not collect it in any way. The application does indeed use third-party services, which may collect information to identify you.
>
> Log data
>
> I would like to inform you that whenever you use my service and there are errors in the application, I will collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log data. This log data may include your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using my service, time and date you used the service, and other statistical information.
>
> Cookie
>
> Cookies are files that contain a small amount of data and are typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. This information will be sent from the website you visit to your browser and stored in the internal memory of the device.
>
> This service does not explicitly use these 'cookies'. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and know when to send them to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of this service.
> 
>Service Provider
> 
>I may hire third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
> 
>Provide convenience for our services;
> Provide services on behalf of us;
>Provide services related to services; or
> Help us analyze how to use our services.
>I would like to notify users of this service that these third parties can access your personal information. The reason is to represent us in carrying out the tasks assigned to them. However, they have an obligation not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
> 
>security
> 
>I value your trust in providing us with personal information, so we are working hard to protect it in a commercially acceptable way. But please remember that any method of transmission through the internet or electronic storage is not 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
> 
> Link to other websites
> 
> This service may include links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to the website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. I have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party website or service, and I do not assume any responsibility.
> 
>Children's privacy
> 
>These services are not targeted at anyone under the age of 13. I will not intentionally collect personal identification information of children under the age of 13. If I discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I will immediately delete it from our server.
> 
>Changes to this Privacy Policy
> 
>I may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you regularly check this page to learn about any changes. If there are any changes, I will publish a new privacy policy on this page to notify you.
> 
>

> **简短描述**：Coffee Timer is a free coffee brewing timer.
>
> **详细描述**：
> As a passionate coffee lover or amateur barista, have you been looking for a perfect cup of coffee? The Coffee Timer is sure to be of great help as it is a free coffee brewing timer. With this application, you can easily time your coffee brewing, achieving perfect taste every time.
>
> I know how important it is to fully control the brewing time, which is exactly what the Coffee Timer provides. Whether you use a French press, pouring method, or any other brewing method, the Coffee Timer can easily track your brewing time and achieve perfect flavor.
>
> The content of the Coffee Timer is not artificially restricted and is free to use. Customizable time settings for different brewing methods, concise design, and the latest material design. Picture in picture mode, capable of multitasking.
>
> How frustrating it is to be content with a mediocre cup of coffee, download the Coffee Timer now and embark on your perfect coffee journey!



## D018 计算器

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cz.hipercalc&hl=zh-cn

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p cz.hipercalc com.opx.calc`

- **去除billing**、  com.android.vending.derived.apk.id

- **去除相关内容**

- **Facebook sdk** 

- **修改素材**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.opx.calc com.laic.calculator
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab D018.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  ```

- 上包

> RealCalc    com.laic.calculator
>
> **隐私协议**：原包https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSHPaS8phTd13LphQV2wgBDWcxhE2onJB4xoafFcT_WCiGCCeQr0Tae1-C4kx6d6aInbxx2ONcdjsIh/pub
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> 

> **简短描述**：RealCalc is an advanced scientific calculator.
>
> **详细描述**：RealCalc is an advanced scientific calculator with up to 100 significant digits and 9 indices. It detects duplicate decimals, and numbers can also be input as fractions or converted to fractions. You can write expressions in a natural way and observe your calculations. The results are displayed as numbers, simplified expressions, etc.
>
> Supports multiple layouts for pocket (small devices), compact (mobile phones), and extended (tablets) to accommodate various screen sizes. Multiple line displays can be opened on the tablet to display the complete calculation history and provide access to previous results. Provide a variety of theme colors to choose from.
>
> This calculator has many functions, such as:
>\-Basic arithmetic operations, including percentage, modulus, and negation;
> \-Fractions (in expression mode, any expression, including nested fractions, can be input as numerator and denominator);
> \-Mixed digits;
> \-Number of cycles and their conversion into fractions;
> \-Infinite number of curly braces;
>\-Operator priority;
> \-Repeat the operation;
>\-Equation
> \-Calculation of variables and symbols;
>\-Derivatives and integrals;
> \-Function diagram and integral area chart, 3D diagram;
> \-Calculation Details - Extended information about calculations, such as all complex roots, unit circles, etc;
> \-Plural
> \-Sum and product of sequences
> \-Advanced number operations, such as random number, combination, arrangement, maximum common divisor, etc;
> \-Trigonometric function and hyperbola function;
> \-Power, root, logarithm, etc;
> \-Conversion of degrees, minutes, and seconds;
> \-Fixed point, scientific, and engineering display formats;
> \-Result history;
> \-Binary, octal and hexadecimal digit systems;
> \-Logical operations;
> \-Bitwise shift and rotation;
> \-Conversion between 250 units;



RealCalc is an advanced scientific calculator with up to 100 significant digits and 9 indices. It detects duplicate decimals, and numbers can also be input as fractions or converted to fractions. You can write expressions in a natural way and observe your calculations. The results are displayed as numbers, simplified expressions, etc.

Supports multiple layouts for pocket (small devices), compact (mobile phones), and extended (tablets) to accommodate various screen sizes. Multiple line displays can be opened on the tablet to display the complete calculation history and provide access to previous results. Provide a variety of theme colors to choose from.

This calculator has many functions, such as:
\-Basic arithmetic operations, including percentage, modulus, and negation;
\-Fractions (in expression mode, any expression, including nested fractions, can be input as numerator and denominator);
\-Mixed digits;
\-Number of cycles and their conversion into fractions;
\-Infinite number of curly braces;
\-Operator priority;
\-Repeat the operation;
\-Equation
\-Calculation of variables and symbols;
\-Derivatives and integrals;
\-Function diagram and integral area chart, 3D diagram;
\-Calculation Details - Extended information about calculations, such as all complex roots, unit circles, etc;
\-Plural
\-Sum and product of sequences
\-Advanced number operations, such as random number, combination, arrangement, maximum common divisor, etc;
\-Trigonometric function and hyperbola function;
\-Power, root, logarithm, etc;
\-Conversion of degrees, minutes, and seconds;
\-Fixed point, scientific, and engineering display formats;
\-Result history;
\-Binary, octal and hexadecimal digit systems;
\-Logical operations;
\-Bitwise shift and rotation;
\-Conversion between 250 units;
