

## D009（D004马甲）One S10 Camera -Galaxy S10 cam

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.camera.one.s10.camera&hl=zh-cn

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.color.puzzle.i.love.hue.blendoku.game com.openxu.colorgame`

- **去除广告**

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- **替换firebase key**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.beautify.camera com.design.beauty.camera
  ```
  
- **陈洪鹏+sdk**

- **上包**

  ```bash
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  buildaab D009.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=../config/config.json --output=outabb
  ```


> Beauty Camera    com.design.beauty.camera
>
> **隐私协议**：原包 http://modelx.oss-cn-hongkong.aliyuncs.com/privacy.html
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> Beauty Camera collects some information from you to provide better service and user experience. Your privacy is our top priority, and this privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
>
> What information do we use and how do we use it
> In the following situations, we may collect and use non personal information. In order to better understand user behavior, address issues in products and services, and improve our products, services, and advertising, we may collect non personal information such as country, application clicks, installed application list, usage frequency, devices, and channels. 'Non personal information' refers to data that is not allowed to be directly associated with any specific individual.
>
> In order to showcase relevant advertisements to you, we have collaborated with advertising networks such as Google Admob and Facebook Audience Network. These providers may use cookies, advertising identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information on our behalf. This information may be used in the future to show you more likely relevant content, or content that you may be involved in. You can find their relevant privacy policy on their official website Google Admob Privacy Policy https://policies.google.com/privacy , Facebook Audience Network Privacy Policy https://www.facebook.com/policies_center/
>
> The following is an explanation of the permissions used:
>
> Modifying or deleting USB storage content
> This permission allows users to delete our product wallpapers stored on the SD card.
>
> Read Google Service Configuration
> This information is used to obtain advertising ID. Our product provides users with better advertising services by using this anonymous ID.
>
> Full network access
> This permission is used to access the device's network to perform certain functions, including receiving product update notifications or accessing application classification labels.
>
> Close other apps
> This permission is used for our product Booster to close backend applications and make the phone run faster.
>
> Retrieve running applications
> This permission is used in our product Booster to view running applications.
>
> Run in startup mode
> Our product will operate as a startup and provide product services to users.
>
> set wallpaper
> This permission allows users to set the selected images in our product as wallpapers.
>
> Modifying System Settings
> This permission is used for our product settings to switch or adjust the screen's ringtone, vibration, and brightness levels.
>
> How do we share your information
> We may hire a third party to provide services on our behalf, and we may collaborate with third parties on specific products or services. These third parties can obtain the information necessary to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information in accordance with legal requirements when we believe it is necessary to comply with regulatory requirements, judicial procedures, court orders, or legal procedures provided to us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public, or our products.
>
> How do we protect your information
> We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss, loss, abuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and destruction. However, please note that although we have taken reasonable measures to protect your information, no application, website, internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
> Our team can make changes to this privacy policy at any time at their discretion, and any and all changes will be reflected here. The release date of the new version will be indicated at the top of this privacy policy, so please check regularly.
>
> 

> **简短描述**：Beauty Camera is a free and powerful camera application.
>
> **详细描述**：Beauty Camera is a free and powerful camera application that can help you take cool photos, with a minimum compatibility with Android 6.0+devices.
>
> Beauty Camera supports front and rear cameras, photography, video capture, short videos, and various professional camera functions, bringing you a brand new camera experience. The beauty camera also has the following beauty image functions:
>-Support AR stickers to capture interesting photos
> -Rich Filter Library
>-Skin tone beauty, large eyes, slimming and other functions
> -Use mask stickers to take interesting selfies
>-Custom Watermark
> -Edit photos, which can be cropped, rotated, and resized
>-Change contrast, saturation, hue, and brightness
> ......
>More interesting features await your exploration, come and use Beauty Camera together!









## D010（D005马甲）sms messenger

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplemobiletools.smsmessenger&hl=zh-cn

- **替换素材**

- **改包名**

  cd base 

  ApkReplace -p com.mobile.smsmsgr com.tool.brevity.messege

- **陈洪鹏+sdk**

- **上包**

  ```bash
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  buildaab D010.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=outabb
  ```

- 上包

  > Brevity Message    **com.tool.brevity.messege**
  >
  > 隐私：原包  https://www.simplemobiletools.com/privacy/smsmessenger.txt
  >
  > Privacy Policy https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YC7NIbe82I_BGTZJQuHvtQeW7XCE5m04VfTi7o3tMj4/edit
  >
  > Welcome to use Brevity Message, this streamlined SMS application. If you choose to use our services, it means that you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, we will not use your information or share it with anyone.
  >
  > For a better experience, we may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to phone status, when using our services. The information we request will be retained by us and used in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
  >
  > **Information being collected**
  >
  > Brevity Message will not store any personally identifiable information on our servers. Your phone number will be uploaded to the mobile operator so that they can process sending and receiving SMS and MMS.
  > 
  > The 'READ_CONTACTS' permission is used to obtain contact names from phone numbers and also to display contact suggestions. It is optional and the application can work without it.
  > 
  > If a user has inserted multiple SIM cards, they need the 'READ_PHONE_STATE' permission to switch between them.
  > 
  > **Children's privacy**
  > 
  > These services are not targeted at anyone under the age of 13. We will not intentionally collect personal identity information of children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from the server. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary action.
  > 
  > **Changes to this Privacy Policy**
  > 
  > We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you regularly check this page to learn about any changes. We will publish a new privacy policy on this page to notify you of any changes. These changes will take effect immediately after being published on this page.
  
  > **素材**：
  >
  > **简短描述**：Brevity Message is a simple and easy-to-use short message application.
  >
  > **详细描述**：
  >
  > Brevity Message is a streamlined and compact SMS application that uses messaging apps on your phone to stay in touch with all contacts, share photos, send emoticons, or simply say hello. It has never been so easy. You can do many things with your messages, such as mute conversations or assigning special message tones to specific contacts. With this SMS and group messaging application, you can enjoy daily private and group messages in more interesting ways.
  >
  > It provides many date formats to choose from, and you can switch between 12 hour and 24 hour formats. This application also provides you with flexible SMS backup, which can help you efficiently save SMS and MMS data without burdening internal storage. When you have to change your phone or your phone is stolen, SMS backup technology is very helpful. This way, you can easily retrieve group and private message texts using the SMS backup function.
  >
  > The interception function helps prevent unnecessary messages from being easily blocked, and you can block messages from all non mobile contacts. You can export and import blocked numbers for easy backup. All conversations can be easily exported to a file for simple backup, and can also be migrated between devices.
  >
  > You can also customize which part of the message is visible on the lock screen to enhance privacy. This messaging application also provides users with the ability to quickly and effectively search for messages, without having to scroll down to view all message conversations to see the desired message.





## D011 Color Puzzle

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.color.puzzle.i.love.hue.blendoku.game&hl=zh-cn

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.color.puzzle.i.love.hue.blendoku.game com.openxu.colorgame`

- **去除广告 **  applovin

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- **替换firebase key**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.openxu.colorgame com.crazy.colorful.blocks
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  rm -rf /base/build/ && rm -rf z*.apk && apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  ```

- **上包**

> Colorful Blocks     com.crazy.colorful.blocks

- 通过后➕s d k

  ```xml
  # rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=../0keystore/natural.keystore --pwd=a123456 --output=aab
  # 加参数--config=config.json  这个json文件是控制aab导出apks的配置文件，bundletool 官方的
  # 之所以so库不拆是因为 OPPO vivo one plus 这些手机 对aab兼容不行
  # aab 默认打包生成的apks 会将so库拆成独立的 apk，但是 那些国产手机 不支持 或者不兼容 ，就会报找不到so，所以解决办法就是 so不拆包，将so放在master.apk 就不会报错
  # --sign指定签名文件，每个包用独立的签名，避免账号关联
  buildaab D011.apk  --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=outabb
  ```

> **隐私协议**：原包 https://storage.googleapis.com/colorpuzzle_files/privacy_policy.html
>
> Privacy Policy
>

> We will make the Colorful Blocks application a free application. If someone decides to use our services, this page is used to inform visitors about our policies for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
>
> If you choose to use our services, you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. We will not use your information or share it with anyone, unless stated in this privacy policy.
>
> The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions, and can be accessed on Colorful Blocks unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
>
> **Information Collection and Use**
>
> For a better experience, we may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to phone status, when using our services. The information we request will be retained by us and used in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
>
> We would like to inform you that whenever you use our services, if there are errors in the application, we will collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone's Log data. This log data may include your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using our service, time and date you used the service, and other statistical information.
>
> **Cookies**
>
> Cookies are files that contain a small amount of data and are typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. This information will be sent from the website you visit to your browser and stored in the internal memory of the device.
>
> This service does not explicitly use these 'cookies'. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and know when to send them to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of this service.
>
> **Service Providers**
>
> We may hire third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
>
> Provide convenience for our services;
> Provide services on behalf of us;
> Provide services related to services; or
> Help us analyze how to use our services.
> We would like to notify users of this service that these third parties can access your personal information. The reason is to represent us in carrying out the tasks assigned to them. However, they have an obligation not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
>
> **Security**
>
> We value your trust in providing us with personal information, so we are striving to protect it in a commercially acceptable manner. But please remember that any method of transmission through the internet or electronic storage is not 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
>
> **Links to Other Sites**
>
> This service may include links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to the website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party website or service, and we do not assume any responsibility.
>
> **Children’s Privacy**
>
> These services are not targeted at anyone under the age of 13. We will not intentionally collect personal identity information of children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from the server. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary action.
>
> **Changes to This Privacy Policy**
>
> We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you regularly check this page to learn about any changes. We will publish a new privacy policy on this page to notify you of any changes. These changes will take effect immediately after being published on this page.
>
> 

> **简短描述**：Colorful Blocks is an exquisite color puzzle game.
>
> **详细描述**：If you are looking for an easy and beautiful puzzle game, you must not miss Colorful Blocks. It is a beautiful offline color puzzle game that can exercise your color sensitivity and make you a color master.
>
> Colorful Blocks include over 500 levels, with different game modes and difficulty levels to challenge your color perception! You can play alone or share elegant and beautiful color puzzles with your loved ones. Relax with a color puzzle and enjoy the journey of becoming a color master!
>
> Colorful Blocks sorts color blocks in tone order, and after sorting them according to the matching tone order, the beautiful color puzzle is completed. You can also share the assembled image with your friends and set it as a phone tone wallpaper.









