

## D014 intervaltimer

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.neurondigital.exercisetimer

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.neurondigital.exercisetimer com.opxx.exercisetimer`

- **去除ads、auth、applovin、billing**、  com.android.vending.derived.apk.id

- **去除相关内容**

- **添加pin**

- **修改素材**

- **Facebook sdk**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.opxx.exercisetimer com.actu.training.timer
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  apktool b --use-aapt2 base -o z.apk && zipalign -v 4 z.apk z_align.apk && apksigner sign --ks natural.keystore --ks-pass pass:123456 --out z_align_sign.apk z_align.apk
  
  rm -rf aab && buildaab z_align_sign.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --output=aab
  ```

- 上包

> Training Timer     com.actu.training.timer
>
> **隐私协议**：原包https://exercisetimer.net/privacypolicy
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information applicable to our services, as well as your choices regarding information collection and use. If you choose to use our services, you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. We respect personal privacy and are committed to protecting the information of visitors and customers. The information we collect is used to provide and improve services, and we will not use your information or share it with anyone, unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy.
>
> We collect the following types of information about you:
>
> Exercise, training plans, and activity information
> This is the data collected when you create a new exercise, exercise, training plan, or exercise history log, as well as when you perform exercise activities (including exercise duration, time, date, exercise notes, and exercise details).
>
> Usage data
> When you use our application, we will collect certain event information (such as opening a workout timer, completing a workout, saving a workout, opening a page within the application) and send it to the server. This information can include but is not limited to the exercise name, duration, exercise name, and lap count. This enables us to analyze and continuously improve the use of products.
>
> Technical information and log data
> Whenever you use our services, if there are errors in the application, we will collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone's Log data. This log data may include information such as the unique device identifier of the advertisement (such as Google Advertiser ID or IDFA), device name, operating system version, application configuration when using our service, time and date you used the service, IP address, clicks, referral/exit pages, and other statistical data to improve its performance, operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. We also use your information to analyze, develop, and improve services. For this reason, Training Timer may use third-party analysis providers to gain a deeper understanding of how our services are used and help us improve them.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
>
> We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time to adapt to new functional changes. We will notify you through the application when there are significant changes to this privacy policy.

> **简短描述**：Training Timer is a perfect interval timer.
>
> **详细描述**：
>
> If you are passionate about sports or fitness, and if you exercise in the gym or at home, the Training Timer will become your ultimate companion.
>
> It is a perfect interval timer that allows you to customize your workout plan, including warm-up, exercise, interval, rest time, and more. You can add as many exercises as possible, and your workout is not like most gym timers. For example, you can add a 10 second rest time, or even a 10 second rest+5 second interval, giving you enough time to prepare for your next practice.
>
> Do you want to lose weight? You need to follow a balanced diet and regularly exercise regularly. This timer is the best way to plan your exercise time.
>
> If you want to exercise, this time interval timer is necessary. Suitable for any training, abdominal exercises, aerobic exercise, weightlessness, meditation, yoga practice, study timing, rest timing, work timer, etc.



## D015 ToDodo: To Do List & Reminder

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mdev.tododo

- **改包名**

  `ApkReplace -p com.mdev.tododo com.opxx.todo`

- **去除billing**、  com.android.vending.derived.apk.id

- **去除相关内容**

- **Facebook sdk**

- **修改素材**

- **改包名**

  ```bash
  ApkReplace -p com.opxx.todo com.mod.todo.reminder
  
  keytool -genkey -v -keystore natural.keystore -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000 -alias natural
  
  buildaab D015_pin.apk --sign=natural.keystore --pwd=123456 --config=../config/config.json --output=outabb
  ```

- 上包

> To Do Reminder     com.mod.todo.reminder
>
> **隐私协议**：原包https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSHPaS8phTd13LphQV2wgBDWcxhE2onJB4xoafFcT_WCiGCCeQr0Tae1-C4kx6d6aInbxx2ONcdjsIh/pub
>
> Privacy Policy
>
> This privacy policy explains how To Do Reminder processes data. If you choose to use our services, it means that you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The information we collect is used to provide and improve services. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, we will not use your information or share it with anyone.
>
> Storage of data
>
> All data of To Do Reminder is only stored on the device.
>
> Collected data
>
> We may collect non personal information, such as usage frequency, IP address, performance, execution status, device brand and model, in order to analyze the usage of the application. Our main goal in collecting and using information is to provide and improve services.
>
> How do we protect your information
> We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss, loss, abuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and destruction. However, please note that although we have taken reasonable measures to protect your information, no application, website, internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is fully secure.
>
> Changes to Privacy Policy
>
> We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time to adapt to new features or changes. We will notify you through the application when there are significant changes to this privacy policy.

> **简短描述**：A simple and user-friendly to-do reminder application.
>
> **详细描述**：Too many daily chores? Do you often forget or miss out on tasks that should be handled? You should use To Do Reminder.
>
> You can create various lists, save many tasks, set processing times, reminder times, and notes. Use various filters to search for your tasks, and you can also export the task list as a file.
>
> You can use it to record shopping lists, note learning items, work projects, daily life, travel plans, quick notes, task organization, and more. In short, all important things you don't want to forget can be recorded and reminders can be set up.
>
> 



这周总共上了几个包了 

上周（加上代号）： D013（过审）

本周（加上代号）：D014（待上），D015（快破完了，明天可以上）



















、

